- [Instructor] Previously we added message listening
capabilities with the @jmslistener annotation.
This should be the preferred way of listening
to a QR topic with Spring.
Sometimes, however, you may need more fine grain control
in listening for messages on queues
as well as processing them.
We'll do that, but let's look at our diagram
of our course project first.
As you can see, we process messages for book orders
from the client storefront to the queue,
and then the warehouse reads those messages.
We will add a warehouse processing service
and a new custom JMS message listener.
Let's add a processing piece of logic
to demonstrate that there's something
that's happened to our book order by returning
a new process book order project.
This will contain the date and time of processing
and expected date and time of shipping.
Now, as you can see, I've already provided
this for you.
Next, we'll create a warehouse processing service
to process book orders.
Again, for the sake of time, I've already added
the warehouse processing service
in our sample code set.
Please open this for a quick review, and what it does.
The logic should be fairly straightforward at this point,
in that the class is just like our book order service.
The only difference is that we take a book order object,
and then construct a processed book order
from the POJO we opened a minute ago.
Everything else is the same.
We pass it to a convertAndSend, a destination,
and the object to be sent.
With this complete, let's move back to the question
of our custom message listener.
First, let's create a new package.
We'll right click on packages, the default package,
and we'll call this Listener.
And inside the listener package,
we'll create a new class.
We'll call this the BookOrderProcessingMessageListener.
We'll annotate this with @component
because we want Spring to pick it up when we compile,
and also ensure that this class implements
message listener.
Now the message listener class.
It has to override a abstract method of on message.
So we'll do that here.
We'll type @Override, public void, onMessage,
and the onMessage takes a message
of JMS type.
I'll pass that message,
and then provide the curly brackets.
We're also going to add a logger here.
Private, static, final, Logger.
We'll use the SSLOJ again, call it Logger equals
LoggerFactory.getLogger,
and we'll use our class name again.
Inside our onMessage method,
we're going to take the message.
And this is a JMS message,
so it's not a text message.
So we're gonna have to do a couple of things here
to get this message converted.
First thing we're going to do is we're gonna put
text message in front,
and this is so we can cast it.
Gonna wrap this, tie our string here,
this entire line here with parentheses,
and then we're gonna type getText,
and this basically tells us there's an unhandled exception.
You should be able to click on the little light bulb
and surround with a try catch and...
So what we'll do next is we'll come over here,
click on this to introduce a local variable,
and we'll say text,
and we're going to use our logger.info,
and we're going to simply just pass in the text
that comes from the message.